"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children." - Native American Proverb
"What is the use of a house if you haven’t got a tolerable planet to put it on?" - Henry David Thoreau
"The greatest threat to our planet is the belief that someone else will save it." - Robert Swan
"Sustainability is no longer about doing less harm. It's about doing more good." - Jochen Zeitz
"The environment is where we all meet; where we all have a mutual interest; it is the one thing all of us share." - Lady Bird Johnson
"We are living on this planet as if we had another one to go to." - Terri Swearingen
"Sustainability takes forever. And that’s the point." - William McDonough
"Nature is not a place to visit. It is home." - Gary Snyder
"Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land." - Aldo Leopold
"Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The future will either be green or not at all." - Bob Brown
"Sustainable development is the pathway to the future we want for all." - Ban Ki-moon
"We won't have a society if we destroy the environment." - Margaret Mead
"Planetary health and human health are one and the same." - Dr. Samuel Myers
"The Earth is what we all have in common." - Wendell Berry
"Buy less, choose well, make it last." - Vivienne Westwood
"Sustainability is about ecology, economy and equity." - Ralph Bicknese
"Man must feel the earth to know himself and recognize his values." - Charles Lindbergh
"We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect." - Aldo Leopold
"Sustainability requires maintaining life-supporting natural capital in order for our socioeconomic goals to be met." - Warren Flint
"The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction." - Rachel Carson
"There is no such thing as 'away'. When we throw anything away it must go somewhere." - Annie Leonard
"Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven." - Rabindranath Tagore
